{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 # tasks for treatment and recommendations\
\
1. Remove to blow top of foundation.\
2. Pushing adobe wall into plumb using (trench box, hydraulic jacks, and wood panel).\
3. Rebuilding.\
4. Apply a fresh Rhoplex amended shelter coat annually.\
5. Plastering.\
6. Replace amended capping.\
7. In all rooms, correct differential fill, especially in corners.\
8. Repoint foundation stones with lime or earthen mortar (whichever material was used originally).\
9. Collapse was cleaned up but remains open at present.\
10. Infill the wide crack with new amended bricks and tie or key into the wall ends on either side of the opening every third course (use of headers and stretchers) (two full bricks end-to-end and overlapping in the middle).\
11. Stitching of new bricks on the interior side of the crack.\
12. Filled dry packed mud mortar.\
13. Brick cobbling.\
14. Stitched crack should be monitored.\
15. Rebuilt section be trimmed with a saw to make it even with the rest of the wall and then replastered.\
16. Cracks were filled with amended mortar with brick cobbling.\
17. Tied in to the existing walls, though not consistently at every third course.\
18. Cap should be monitored.\
19. Base coat for mud cap.\
20. Lintel being removed.\
\
}